lego hero factory presents raka versus
black phantom deep inside the
maximum-security prison of hero factory
the galaxy's worst villains have escaped
prison
now the spreading chaos and destruction
everywhere the leader of the breakout is
black phantom with his erratic spat and
razor Sabre he's more dangerous than
ever
raka your new crossbow an energy shield
will give you all the power you need
against this super villain go cuff em
got it
what are you doing
we charge in me and hope some element
Rucker just caught and cuffed black
phantom but can you do the same join the
battle and fight light rocker in the new
awesome online game at Hero Factory calm
it's free